- Shingo Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Shingo? 

 A : Troy had yet again done his magic and made a CvS2 Shingo Yabuki sprite-set. It was infinitely better than the sprites that
     Infinite's POTS Shingo used, as those sprites were merely reshaded KOF 02 Shingo sprites. Of course, Infinite's Shingo got
     spriteswapped mere days after Troy released the SFF for it, but I decided to be the first to actually make a good Shingo
     using these sprites, and I believe that I did that job well enough to be considered better than Infinite's Shingo.


 Q : What's his playstyle like?

 A : Shingo plays similarly to his 98 appearance with some of his 02/02um elements in the mix, however his movement, hitboxes and
     damage were adapted to be more akin to CvS2 Kyo with some altercations to make him a more unique character.


 Q : How do you play Shingo?

 A : Shingo is a very unique character, as his Critical Hits give him an advantage other characters do not. However, don't try to
     go for a critical hit too much, as that usually results in a lot of punishment not in your favor. Criticals for Shingo usually
     come in the form of good reads and maybe some lucky whiff punishes in there too. His Shingo Kick, unlike Kyo's R.E.D. kick is a
     very useful move to close space and also catch the oppoennt by surprise. His combos, much like Kyo's, mainly revolve around
     links and a few juggles, as moves such as his Oboro and Nie Togi can juggle into his DP (Oniyaki). His criticals only amplify
     that combo potential that he possesses. His defensive options aren't really as viable as his offensive ones, but his roll is
     a very good evasive tool since it travels pretty far pretty quickly. So, to sum it up, make use of Shingo's wide offensive
     bag, but keep in mind that his defensive options are average at best, so it is essentially double or nothing.



  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx s.LK xx MP.Aragami

 cr.LK, cr.MK xx MP.Aragami

 st.MK xx MK.Nie Togi, HP.Oniyaki

 cr.LK, cr.MP xx MK.Oboro, HP.Oniyaki

 cr.LP, st.HP xx Doukugami


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, repeat (MP.Aragami xx HK Kotosutki), Kake Hourin

 Install, HP.Oniyaki xx LP.Aragami, repeat (Doukugami), Kake Hourin


 = CREDITS =

  Troy99 - SFF, Feedback and Beta Testing

  KarmaCharizard & Joey The Tricky - Feedback